
North Star Navigation.


HAVISRAM k
People have been watching North Star for centuries and even Capgemini depended in it to guide them. Since it's the perfect combination of magical and mysterious, it gained soon various interpretations and meanings. If you're in northern hemisphere, you will be figuring out your direction by finding the North Star. For thousand of years, it have been a handy survival tool for navigator and traveler, even in dark of night. In fact, it is most accurate then a compass providing direction and helping people to staying on there course. Today even, knowing how to find North Star remained one of the most basic survival skills. Ancient navigators have observed that all the stars in sky seem to circle around the North Star, which was known to ancient Greeks as Kynosoura, meaning dog's tail. By 17th century, the North Star were used figuratively for anything that is the focus of attention. Due to this, the North Star also become associated with lifes' purpose, heart's true desires, and unchangeable ideals to following in your life. Just like the literal North Star, it is giving you direction in life. As we look within ourselves, we can discover and are developing the gifts that we already have, to let us achieve our full potential.

26°C find the error and correct this passage

The passage appears to be a coherent description of the North Star, and there doesn't seem to be any reference to temperature. Therefore, the error in the passage is the random mention of "26°C," which seems to be out of context and unrelated to the topic. Therefore, to correct the passage, we can simply remove the phrase "26°C."

Corrected passage:

People have been watching North Star for centuries and even Capgemini depended in it to guide them. Since it's the perfect combination of magical and mysterious, it gained soon various interpretations and meanings. If you're in northern hemisphere, you will be figuring out your direction by finding the North Star. For thousand of years, it have been a handy survival tool for navigator and traveler, even in dark of night. In fact, it is most accurate then a compass providing direction and helping people to staying on there course. Today even, knowing how to find North Star remained one of the most basic survival skills. Ancient navigators have observed that all the stars in sky seem to circle around the North Star, which was known to ancient Greeks as Kynosoura, meaning dog's tail. By 17th century, the North Star were used figuratively for anything that is the focus of attention. Due to this, the North Star also become associated with lifes' purpose, heart's true desires, and unchangeable ideals to following in your life. Just like the literal North Star, it is giving you direction in life. As we look within ourselves, we can discover and are developing the gifts that we already have, to let us achieve our full potential.
